Add myst-nb exercise (#320)
coderefinery/documentation: content/sphinx.md

    return a * b
```

> 2. In the file `conf.py` modify "extensions" and add the `autodoc2_packages` with `"multiply.py"`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the file `conf.py` add `autodoc2` to the "extensions", and add the list `autodoc2_packages` which will mention `"multiply.py"`:
```

1. Create a text-based notebook files `flower.md` in the same directory as the `index.rst` file. This file will be converted to a Jupyter notebook by the `myst_nb` Sphinx extension and then executed by Jupyter. Fill the file with the following content:
````md
---
file_format: mystnb
kernelspec:
  name: python3
---
# Flower plot

```{code-cell} ipython3
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import numpy as np

fig, ax = plt.subplots(1, 1, figsize=(5, 8), subplot_kw={"projection": "polar"})
theta = np.arange(0, 2 * np.pi, 0.01)
r = np.sin(5 * theta)
ax.set_rticks([])
ax.set_thetagrids([])
ax.plot(theta, r);
ax.plot(theta, np.full(len(theta), -1));
```
````

2. In the file `conf.py` modify `extensions` to remove `"myst_parser"` and add `"myst_nb"` (you will get an error if you include both):
```python
extensions = ["myst_nb"]
```
Note that MyST parser functionality is included in MyST NB, so everything else will continue to work as before.

3. List `flower` in the toctree in `index.rst`.
```rst
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   ...
   flower.md
```

4. Re-build the documentation and check the "Flower" section.

> 5. (Optional) As an alternative to including a text-based notebook with an `.md` file in your documentation, you can add a `.ipynb` files saved from Jupyter notebook or Jupyter lab. Just make sure to 1) start the notebook with a markdown cell with a `# Title` so it can be included in the table of contents 2) save the notebook in the same directory as `index.rst` and 3) list it in the toctree in `index.rst`.

Reviewer: I have tested it, there is no need to save the notebook in the same directory as `index.rst`, as long as the path is correctly specified.

Also, I think that jupyter notebooks as ipynb's may still be more appealing and direct than the text-based alternative (although, I love the text-based ones), and the fact that ipynb stores by default the results might be used, as discussed previously elsewhere, for validation. 

So I would not present that as a secondary idea, but as an idea as relevant as the first one.

```suggestion
5. You can add a `.ipynb` files saved from Jupyter notebook or Jupyter lab. Just make sure to list it in the toctree in `index.rst` with the correct path.

If you have problems, consider cleaning manually the `jupyter_execute` directory.
```
